Make room for tracing docs page (#11546)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/index.mdx

---
title: Issues
sidebar_order: 25

> description: "With Sentry’s Issues page, you can see information about errors, performance, crons, and replay issues right in your application. Learn more about how to get started here."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to use Sentry’s Issues page where you can see and start to debug errors and performance problems that are affecting your application."
```

---
title: Issues
sidebar_order: 25

> description: "Learn how to use Sentry’s Issues page where you can see and start to debug errors and performance problems that are affecting your application."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to use Sentry’s Issues page, where you can see and start to debug errors and performance problems that are affecting your application."
```
